# InterviewWindowsMR
## Inspiration We wanted to find a way to use VR/AR for social impact, and we stumbled upon the idea of helping people overcome social anxiety. We brainstormed ideas such as leadership training, public speaking, fear of heights, small talk, etc. and we settled on interview preparation.  ## What it does The player first chooses three different settings: type of interview (technical, social impact-related, general, or finance), difficulty of interview (easy, medium, difficult), and length of interview (10-30 mins). Then, once the player is ready to start, they click the start button and the interviewer commences with the first question. When the player is finished answering, depending on the difficulty level the interviewer will either respond with a follow-up question or the player can simply move on to the next. In the full version of this application, we envisioned the interviewer having facial cues/reactions to the player's answers and a speech analysis at the end of the interview, returning the player's most commonly used words and ticks.  ## How we built it We built the set-up in Unity using the Microsoft hololens toolkit and some other built-in prefabs and animations. We used Visual Studio for the actual coding, and we started out using the Acer HDM but as this frequently crashed we switched over to the Oculus Rift.  ## Challenges we ran into The mixed reality headset did not actually work -- every time we attempted to run our program, unity would crash. This made it difficult to debug code and find out what was wrong. We then switched over to the Oculus, but faced compilation issues and ultimately weren't able to actually run our project.  ## Accomplishments that we're proud of None of us had any experience coding C# or working with Unity, so this was definitely an exciting experience and we're proud of how much we accomplished! Also, we feel that VR is typically focused on games and entertainment, so we're proud of our idea to gear VR more towards social impact and practicality.  ## What we learned We ran into lots of hardware problems, so we learned how to work in spite of those. We also, as mentioned before, basically learned everything about C# and Unity from scratch.  ## What's next for InterviewVR If we continue to work on this in the future, we would extend the capabilities to include other fears and situational anxieties. We might even pursue simulations to help counter physical fears, such as fear of heights or claustrophobia.
